# android-app-team-17
android-app-team-17 created by GitHub Classroom

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
User story 5|by Joseph Longo|iteration #1: The main focus for this iteration, for me atleast, was really nailing down the majority of the Profile Creator. Because none of our currently operational activities within the app call upon teh data stored within the user's profile, I made the decision to allow that data to just sit within the activity that it was entered in. The data entry fields, during this first iteration, allow the user to enter in their desired information and then the app records it as entered. In further iterations this infromation will be tied to a profile class that will be passed around the activities and affect each subsequent activity differently. The framework for these classes have been made, but have very little implementation as of right now. For this iteration, I've made the decision to remove the upload schedule functionality from the profile screen due to the fact that the level of programming required to make that specific function work, will be better used in a later iteration. Other than that, I feel as though the troubles that I hit were just from my misunderstanding of how android studio works, however that will be fixed with practice. The basic framework of the user story is up and running effectively and cleanly. The UI, for the most part looks very clean, and is efficient in both gathering and handling information. In the next iterations these screens shouldn't change much aesthetically, but will have slight background changes such as more intricate user-data handling, and camera/image uploading features. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
User story 8|by Rodolfo Tinoco|iteration #1: My pourpose ofr this iteration was to be know how to use a chatbox, mainly because this way we would be able to know how to "link" or communicate, two accouts, and what we would need to do this. Found out that firebase is very usefull of this, but since I was not familiar with it at all, or with android studio, it took me a while to learn from the internet, blogs and tutorials how to do this, after doing several unsucceessful tries, I finally was able to do a chat, where if it was your first time, the firebase would record your profile with an username and a password, and it will take you to a group chat, and if it was not you first time, it would only ask for your password. However I didn't add this to the git repository, and a really time came about because I couldn't upload a google-services.json file that you need to work with the firebase, so, after changing something on the .gitignore, in git hub, I could push it and so, every time someones pulls if form the main repository, it would be downloaded. That was kind of very hard. So, all of this will ultimately help to the creation of profiles and to save its information.
